{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li400\fi-400\slleading240\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Bansal, N. K., Feng, X., Zhang, W., Wei, W., & Zhao, Y. (2012). Modeling Temporal Pattern and Event Detection using Hidden Markov Model with Application to a Sludge Bulking Data. 
\i Procedia Computer Science
\i0 , 
\i 12
\i0 , 218\'96223. http://doi.org/10.1016/j.procs.2012.09.059\
Dai, A. M., & Le, Q. V. (2015, November 4). Semi-supervised Sequence Learning. 
\i arXiv.org
\i0 .\
Gehring, J., Auli, M., Grangier, D., Yarats, D., & Dauphin, Y. N. (2017, May 8). Convolutional Sequence to Sequence Learning. 
\i arXiv.org
\i0 .\
Jozefowicz, R., Zaremba, W., 32nd, I. S. P. O. T., 2015. (n.d.). An empirical exploration of recurrent network architectures. 
\i Jmlr.org
\i0 .\
Keren, G., & Schuller, B. (2016, February 18). Convolutional RNN: an Enhanced Model for Extracting Features from Sequential Data. 
\i arXiv.org
\i0 .\
Lipton, Z. C., Berkowitz, J., & Elkan, C. (2015a, May 29). A Critical Review of Recurrent Neural Networks for Sequence Learning. 
\i arXiv.org
\i0 .\
Lipton, Z. C., Kale, D. C., Elkan, C., & Wetzel, R. (2015b, November 11). Learning to Diagnose with LSTM Recurrent Neural Networks. 
\i arXiv.org
\i0 .\
Malhotra, P., TV, V., Vig, L., Agarwal, P., & Shroff, G. (2017). TimeNet - Pre-trained deep recurrent neural network for time series classification. 
\i CoRR
\i0 , 
\i cs.LG
\i0 .\
Ronald. (2003). Neural Networks for Event Detection from Time Series: A BP Algorithm Approach, 1\'9610.\
Schuster, M., Signal, K. P. I. T. O., 1997. (n.d.). Bidirectional recurrent neural networks. 
\i Ieeexplore.Ieee.org
\i0 .\
Strubell, E., Verga, P., Belanger, D., & McCallum, A. (2017, February 7). Fast and Accurate Entity Recognition with Iterated Dilated Convolutions. 
\i arXiv.org
\i0 .\
van der Maaten RBM, L., 2009. (n.d.). Learning a parametric embedding by preserving local structure. 
\i Jmlr.org
\i0 .\
Wang, Z., & Oates, T. (2015, May 31). Imaging Time-Series to Improve Classification and Imputation. 
\i arXiv.org
\i0 .\
Wang, Z., Yan, W., & Oates, T. (2016, November 19). Time Series Classification from Scratch with Deep Neural Networks: A Strong Baseline. 
\i arXiv.org
\i0 .\
Zhang, X., Kou, W., Chang, E. I.-C., Gao, H., Fan, Y., & Xu, Y. (2017, November 2). Sleep Stage Classification Based on Multi-level Feature Learning and Recurrent Neural Networks via Wearable Device. 
\i arXiv.org
\i0 .}